URL to Forked Completed Codepen: https://codepen.io/jackbcole/pen/RwrwPPj

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        gives meaning to our content.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        to structure our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        an attribute modifies the tags. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        it is used for giving titles, it should be used only once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, src.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <head>
    7. What is an id? 
        specifies an ID for an html Element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Javascript, CSS
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
         once
    10. What is a class? 
         The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
         <div>
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
         As many times as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
         just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
         pecify alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
         #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
         Section defines a section, div defines a division 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
         Styling the webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
         ust type h2, then the command
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
         an ID can be used only once, while a class can be used multiple times. ID would be used to specify unique element, likewise for class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
         period, followed by name of class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
         .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
         match elements that are direct children of certain parent elements. This is useful when you need to select a parent instead of a child.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
         div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
         selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
         line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
         letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
         CAPITALS: uppercase, Lowercase: lowercase, Capitalize: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
         border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        using the *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        Begin with /*, end with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
         type pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
         type ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
         Use the rm command. It can be dangerous to delete some files and there is now warning.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
         To track every individual change in your project
    35. How often should I commit to github?
         Often, every 20 minutes or so
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
         git push -u origin "branch-name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
         
        1. git add .
        2. git commit -m "branch-name"
        3. git push -u "branch-name"

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It doesn't exist in the normal document layout flow anymore and instead sits on its own seperatie layer.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
